Game of Thrones is an American fantasy drama television series created by David Benioff and D. B. Weiss.
It is an adaptation of A Song of Ice and Fire, George R. R. Martin's series of fantasy novels, the first of which
is A Game of Thrones. It is filmed at Titanic Studios in Belfast, on location in the United Kingdom, and in Croatia,
Iceland, Malta, Morocco, Spain, and the United States. The series premiered on HBO in the United States on April 17,
 2011, and its sixth season ended on June 26, 2016. The series was renewed for a seventh season, scheduled to premiere
 in mid-2017 with seven episodes.[1] The series will conclude with its eighth season in 2018.[2]
Set on the fictional continents of Westeros and Essos, it has several plot lines and a large ensemble cast.
The first story arc follows a dynastic conflict among competing claimants for succession to the Iron Throne of
 the Seven Kingdoms, with other noble families fighting for independence from the throne. The second covers attempts
 to reclaim the throne by the exiled last scion of the realm's deposed ruling dynasty; the third chronicles the threat
  of the impending winter and the legendary creatures and fierce peoples of the North.
Game of Thrones has attracted record viewership on HBO and has a broad, active, international fan base.
It has been acclaimed by critics, particularly for its acting, complex characters, story, scope, and production values,
although its frequent use of nudity and violence (including sexual violence) has attracted criticism. The series has
received 38 Primetime Emmy Awards, including Outstanding Drama Series in 2015 and 2016, more than any other primetime
scripted television series. Its other awards and nominations include three Hugo Awards for Best Dramatic Presentation
(2012–2014),a 2011 Peabody Award, and four nominations for the Golden Globe Award for Best Television
Series – Drama (2012 and 2015–2017). Of the ensemble cast, Peter Dinklage has won two Primetime Emmy Awards for
Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series (2011 and 2015) and the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting
 Actor – Series, Miniseries or Television Film (2012) for his performance as Tyrion Lannister. Lena Headey, Emilia Clarke,
 Kit Harington, Maisie Williams, Diana Rigg, and Max von Sydow have
 also received Primetime Emmy Award nominations for their performances in the series.